[1026, 1030] Mahesh Vijay Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: MaheshVijay@gmail.com  Mobile: 8567496582  Over 6.5 years of functional enriched experience in ERP in the Procurement to Pay domain. Was associated with Oracle India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as Team lead - Supplier Data Management in their Global Financial Information Centre (Global Shared Service Center) for Oracle's Business from Sep 2007- Feb 2014.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Team lead - supplier data management  Oracle India -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  March 2014 to December 2016  Managing Partner of family business of Tours & Travels  Team Lead  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  October 2013 to February 2014  Supplier Data Management  Lead Analyst -SME -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  September 2012 to October 2013  Senior Analyst -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2010 to September 2012  Academia • Bachelors in Commerce (B.Com) from Vivekananda Degree College, Bangalore University(2007) • Pre University from Vivekananda PU College, Bangalore(2004) • Passed 10th STD from Angels High School, Bangalore(2002) Functional & Technical Expertise Functional - Ensuring data quality in Purchasing Supplier management (PSM) registry and Trading Community Architecture of the Oracle e-business suite bundle. - Managing all projects and ensuring the completion of the same within timeframe. Projects like - Oracle Fusion Supplier Self Service, Supplier cleanup, migration of merger and acquisition suppliers, UAT - Managing activities like synchronizing creation and updates of supplier records. - Oracle Fusion - Related to Procurement modules -Fusion Supplier Portal - Sound knowledge in the Oracle Financial applications domain that includes various cycles like the Expense Reporting, Accounts Payables, Accounts Receivables, and Tactical Purchasing. - R12 User Acceptance Testing, writing test cases and author test reports which analyze the reported defects. Technical - Oracle Applications Releases: 12, 11.5, Oracle Applications Modules Purchasing, iProcurement - Business Intelligence Reporting Tools: Oracle Discoverer & Accounting Software Tally 7.2 Projects & Accomplishments Oracle Master Data Management- Legacy Data Cleanup Project Role: • Global Country wise clean up initiative focusing on achieving a clean and accurate database • Supplier Information retrieval based on information in Purchase orders Oracle Fusion UAT- Supplier Self Service Role: • Internal UAT-Part of upgrade team, testing all functionality and interfaces. • Monitoring the new add on features in Fusion and old features assigned  11i to R12 Migration- Manual UAT Role: • Testing for Supplier creations, Merges, Tax set ups, Withholding and TDS code, Bank details etc • Monitoring the new add on features in R12 and old features assigned  Oracle Supplier Life Cycle Management (SLM) or Supplier Hub Project Role: • Internal UAT- testing all functionality and interfaces for creating a 360 degree view for each and every supplier. • Responsible for setting up suppliers' online, assisting requesters and suppliers to register a supplier and iSupplier access. Testing fast and flexible supplier searches that can be made into templates resulting in quick report generation Create and test blended supplier records from multiple sources  SKILLS  BCP (6 years), Data Governance (6 years), Data Management (6 years), Oracle (6 years), Reporting Tools (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Skills • Process Management & Improvement • Operations & Team Management • Data Governance & Automation • Oracle E- Business Systems experience in Supplier Data/Vendor Data management • BCP Policies & Procedures    • Desk Manuals/Business Process & Navigation Documentation • Business Ethics • Professional Communication • Reporting Tools & Microsoft Office Applications
[20, 40] Jyotirbindu Patnaik Associate consultant@SAP labs , Bangalore Karnataka  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email : Jyotirbindu.Patnaik@gmail.com Phone number: 8888632541  - Experienced incident and change coordinator and strongly skilled and dedicated ITIL Expert with a superior work ethic and management satisfaction record. Widely and deeply knowledgeable in all aspects of ITIL management and coordination. Adept multitasker able to deal a very high priority complex situations with accuracy and professionalism.  Willing to relocate to: Bangalore, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Associate consultant  Sap labs  Incident and change management coordinator, dealing with the escalation process of company products. Notifying the customer as well as stake holders regarding the on going issue as well as helping problem management team to provide RCA.  Associate consultant  Sap labs  - Joining date from: January 25, 2017 Designation: Associate Consultant Company: SAP on the payroll of Bristlecone India LTD.  Roles and responsibilities: - Incident Coordinator: 1. Following the escalation process and handling the high priority incidents by initiating the troubleshooting call and driving the entire call till the issue gets resolve. 2. Capturing the entire chronological order to provide the RCA for the unplanned downtimes. 3. As an incident coordinator, I was informing the internal stakeholders regarding the unplanned downtimes/high priority issue by sending the notifications periodically. 4. Post handling the issue we were updating the MTTR and monthly outage tracker to have a clear records of unplanned downtimes. 5. Monitoring the tools like Catchpoint, Pingdom, CSS for quick find of availability alerts and trying to troubleshoot by initial analysis ASAP. 6. Preparing the documents for all the new process and update it as per its new changes. 7. Providing the reports (KPI/Availability/IRT-MPT) on weekly and monthly basis to the management to minimize the number incidents. 8. I was analyzing regarding the number of incidents and alerts received, and providing the entire captured details to management for further process to reduce the incidents and alerts.   Change Coordinator: 9. As a change, Coordinator was handling the Entire change management process and validating the Change requests to get the CAB approvals. 10. Providing the KPI report for the change process. 11. Driving the CAB meeting and KPI meeting.  Projects: - I was working for \"Cloud for customer\" and \"Business by design\" project in SAP.  Achievements: - 1. I have received management appreciation note for handling the change management process in a proficient way. 2. Team Lead appreciated for maintaining the documents and PPT's as updated.  EDUCATION  B. Tech in Electronics and Communication  Biju Patnaik University -  Rayagada, Orissa  2016  SKILLS  ITIL foundation
[41, 49] Jyotirbindu Patnaik Associate consultant@SAP labs , Bangalore Karnataka  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email : Jyotirbindu.Patnaik@gmail.com Phone number: 8888632541  - Experienced incident and change coordinator and strongly skilled and dedicated ITIL Expert with a superior work ethic and management satisfaction record. Widely and deeply knowledgeable in all aspects of ITIL management and coordination. Adept multitasker able to deal a very high priority complex situations with accuracy and professionalism.  Willing to relocate to: Bangalore, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Associate consultant  Sap labs  Incident and change management coordinator, dealing with the escalation process of company products. Notifying the customer as well as stake holders regarding the on going issue as well as helping problem management team to provide RCA.  Associate consultant  Sap labs  - Joining date from: January 25, 2017 Designation: Associate Consultant Company: SAP on the payroll of Bristlecone India LTD.  Roles and responsibilities: - Incident Coordinator: 1. Following the escalation process and handling the high priority incidents by initiating the troubleshooting call and driving the entire call till the issue gets resolve. 2. Capturing the entire chronological order to provide the RCA for the unplanned downtimes. 3. As an incident coordinator, I was informing the internal stakeholders regarding the unplanned downtimes/high priority issue by sending the notifications periodically. 4. Post handling the issue we were updating the MTTR and monthly outage tracker to have a clear records of unplanned downtimes. 5. Monitoring the tools like Catchpoint, Pingdom, CSS for quick find of availability alerts and trying to troubleshoot by initial analysis ASAP. 6. Preparing the documents for all the new process and update it as per its new changes. 7. Providing the reports (KPI/Availability/IRT-MPT) on weekly and monthly basis to the management to minimize the number incidents. 8. I was analyzing regarding the number of incidents and alerts received, and providing the entire captured details to management for further process to reduce the incidents and alerts.   Change Coordinator: 9. As a change, Coordinator was handling the Entire change management process and validating the Change requests to get the CAB approvals. 10. Providing the KPI report for the change process. 11. Driving the CAB meeting and KPI meeting.  Projects: - I was working for \"Cloud for customer\" and \"Business by design\" project in SAP.  Achievements: - 1. I have received management appreciation note for handling the change management process in a proficient way. 2. Team Lead appreciated for maintaining the documents and PPT's as updated.  EDUCATION  B. Tech in Electronics and Communication  Biju Patnaik University -  Rayagada, Orissa  2016  SKILLS  ITIL foundation
